weave-tutorial: improve models docs (#102)
iov-one/docs: docs/weave-tutorial/04-models.md

> [PR#6](https://github.com/iov-one/tutorial/pull/6): _Create models_

We defined our state in [codec section](weave-tutorial/03-codec.md). Models are wrapped codec with functionalities to integrate codec with Weave.
First ensure our `User` fulfills morm.Model:

```go
var _ morm.Model = (*User)(nil)
```

> This is just a helper that enforces User model to fulfill morm.Model interface so that if you forget to implement a method compiler will complain. Guaranteeing it _I am trying to implement this interface_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is just a helper that enforces User model to fulfill morm.Model interface so that if you forget to implement a method, the compiler will complain. Guaranteeing it _I am trying to implement this interface_.
```

Now you see how indexing works in Weave. Let's see the other wonders of the framework.

## Validation

We will want to fill in these Validate methods to enforce any invariants we demand of the data to keep our database clean. Anyone who has spent much time dealing with production applications knows how “invalid data” can start creeping in without a strict database schema, this is what we do in code.

We can do some basic checks and return an error if any of them does not pass:

```go
func (m *User) Validate() error {
    var errs error

    errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "Metadata", m.Metadata.Validate())
    errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "ID", isGenID(m.ID, false))

    if !validUsername(m.Username) {
        errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "Username", errors.ErrModel)
    }

    if !validBio(m.Bio) {
        errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "Bio", errors.ErrModel)
    }

    if err := m.RegisteredAt.Validate(); err != nil {
        errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "RegisteredAt", m.RegisteredAt.Validate())
    } else if m.RegisteredAt == 0 {
        errs = errors.AppendField(errs, "RegisteredAt", errors.ErrEmpty)
    }

    return errs
}
```

> Here is a sample of username validation function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a sample username validation function:
```

```go
var validUsername = regexp.MustCompile(`^[a-zA-Z0-9_.-]{4,16}$`).MatchString
```

If you need more complex validation rules for models you can implement custom validation function which uses `github.com/iov-one/weave/errors` as error handling.

> We recommend using `errors.AppendField`, It enables multi error validation so no info regarding the error's cause gets lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using `errors.AppendField` as it enables multi-error validation so no information about the error's cause gets lost.
```
